What's better than Ted Danson? Ted singing and Danson!
What does a baby computer call his father? Data!
Why did the golfer change his pants? Because he got a hole in one!
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What did the the drummer call his twin daughters?Anna one, Anna two!
Does anyone need an ark? I Noah guy!
I bought a ceiling fan the other day.Complete waste of money. He just stands there applauding and saying Ooh, I love how smooth it is.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
Why did Cinderella get kicked off the football team? Because she kept running from the ball!
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? “GRRRAAAIIINNNNS!”
What's at the bottom of the ocean and shivers? A nervous wreck!
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bike? Attire!
How many ears does Spock have? Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear!
Why don’t they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents!
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y!
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows!
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener!
How many tickles does it take to tickle an octopus? Tentacles!
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones!
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it!
Want to hear a joke about a piece of paper? Never mind... it's tearable.
I just watched a documentary about beavers. It was the best dam show I ever saw!
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? “Supplies!”
You know what the loudest pet you can get is? A trumpet.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That’s just how I roll.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry we don’t serve food here.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fsh!
When is your door not actually a door? When it’s actually ajar.
I was interrogated over the theft of a cheese toastie. Man, they really grilled me.
A communist joke isn’t funny… … unless everyone gets it.
Why can’t you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent!
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
What do you call a man who can’t stand? Neil.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory but I got the sack because I took a couple of days off.
I’m thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it’s only holding me back.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
I’m terrified of elevators… so I’m going to start taking steps to avoid them.
I used to hate facial hair… but then it grew on me.
Three fish are in a tank.One asks the others, “How do you drive this thing?”
Why don’t crabs donate? Because they’re shellfish.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus.
Don’t worry if you miss a gym session. Everything will work out.
Ever tried to eat a clock? It’s time-consuming.
Why did Adele cross the road? To say hello from the other side.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
What’s red and bad for your teeth? A brick!
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No eyed deer!
What did the horse say after it tripped? Help! I’ve fallen and I can’t giddyup!”
Why did Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? Fo' Drizzle.
What goes down but doesn’t come up? A yo.
What did the pirate get on his report card? Seven Cs!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye Matey.
What's E.T. short for?Because he's got little legs.
How many bugs do you need to rent out an apartment? Tenants.
Why are colds such bad robbers? Because they’re so easy to catch.
Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one tale.
How do you organise a space-themed party? You planet.
What do you call a factory that sells passable products? A satisfactory!
I’m only familiar with 25 letters in the English language. I don’t know why!
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn't see himself doing it.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What's the difference between a tennis ball and the prince of Wales? One is heir to the throne and the other is thrown into the air.
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent!
A jumper cable walks into a bar. The bartender says, I'll serve you, but don't start anything.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: Does this taste funny to you?
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
Why is 6 scared of 7? Because 7 ate 9 and 10!
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick!
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he gets a hole in one!
Have you heard the joke about the bed? It hasn't been made up yet.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Did you hear about the Italian Chef that died? He pasta way.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant!
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Follow the fresh prints.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back four seconds.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
I saw this advert in a window that said: “Television for sale, £1, volume stuck on full.” I thought, “I can’t turn that down.”
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
What did the left butt cheek say to the right butt cheek? You crack me up!
What do you call a person in a tree with a briefcase? A branch manager!
What did Mario say when he broke up with Princess Peach?It's not you, it's a-me, Mario!
What did the fried rice say to the shrimp? Don't wok away from me!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent!
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything!
Why didn’t the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space!
Why do cow-milking stools only have three legs? ‘Cause the cow’s got the udder!
What did the caretaker say when they jumped out of the store cupboard? “Supplies!”
Have you heard the one about the corduroy pillow? It’s making headlines.
I’m friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know why.
Just received a card full of rice. It’s from Uncle Ben.
Local man killed by falling piano. It will be a low key funeral.
The last thing grandpa said before he kicked the bucket? How far do you think I can kick this bucket.
I once had a teacher with a lazy eye. She couldn’t control her pupils.
What do you call a hippie's wife? A Mississippi!
What did the duck say when she bought a lipstick? Put it on my bill!
I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
Where did the computer go dancing? The disc-o!
What do bees do if they need a ride? Wait at the buzz stop!
What do you give to a sick lemon? Lemon aid!
What did the little mountain say to the bigger mountain? Hi Cliff!
What do you call a monkey that loves Doritos? A chipmunk!
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing!
Why are there gates around cemeteries? Because people are dying to get in!
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef!
Do you remember that joke I told you about my spine? It was about a weak back!
I just went to an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When's the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-hurtie!
What do you call a dangerous sun shower? A rain of terror!
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they've bagels!
What do you call a farm that makes bad jokes? Corny!
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze!
What streets to ghosts haunt? Dead ends!
What do you tell actors to break a leg? Because every play has a cast!
What kind of dogs love car racing? Lap dogs!
What did Winnie the Pooh say to his agent? Show me the honey!
What do you call birds who stick together? Vel-crows.
Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge.
What do you call it when one cow spies on another? A steak out!
What happens when a frog's car breaks down? It gets toad!
I went on a once-in-a-lifetime vacation. Never again.
What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but its flag is a big plus!
My favorite word is drool. It just rolls off the tongue.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do not read it.
What does a zombie vegetarian eat? Graaaaaaaains!
My new thesaurus is terrible. Not only that, but it's also terrible.
Why didn't the astronaut come home to his wife? He needed his space.
I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
I wasn't going to visit my family this December, but my mom promised to make me Eggs Benedict. So I'm going home for the hollandaise.
What did the blanket say as it fell off the bed? Oh sheet!
I like to spend every day as if it's my last. Staying in bed and calling for a nurse to bring me more pudding.
Why do cow-milking stools only have three legs? 'Cause the cow's got the udder!
How did Darth Vader know what Luke got him for Christmas? He felt his presents.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion!
It's inappropriate to make a dad joke if you are not a dad. It's a faux pa.
What did Batman say to Robin before they got in the car? Robin, get in the car.
I have an addiction to cheddar cheese. But it's only mild.
Why shouldn't you write with a broken pencil? Because it's pointless!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What did the buffalo say when his son left? Bison!
I was sitting in traffic the other day.  Probably why I got run over.
Sometimes I tuck my knees into my chest and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
What's red and shaped like a bucket?A blue bucket painted red.
What don't ants get sick? They have anty-bodies.
What do you call a fish with no eye? Fssshh.
Why do you smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
When is your door not actually a door? When it's actually ajar.
My grandfather has the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from the National Zoo.
What's green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
What's green, fuzzy, and would hurt if it fell on you out of a tree? A pool table.
A communist joke isn't funny unless everyone gets it.
What did one dish say to the other? Dinner is on me!
What does a house wear? Address!
Why can't you hear a Pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the pee is silent.
Cosmetic surgery used to be such a taboo subject. Now you can talk about Botox and nobody raises an eyebrow.
What do you call someone who immigrated to Sweden?Artificial Swedener.
Have you heard the one about the corduroy pillow? It's making headlines.
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? Bob.
What do you call a man who can't stand? Neil.
What's the dumbest animal in the jungle? A polar bear!
I'm thinking about removing my spine. I feel like it's only holding me back.
Did you hear about the two thieves who stole a calendar? They each got six months.
I'm terrified of elevators so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Have you heard of the band 923 Megabytes? Probably not, they haven't had a gig yet.
What do you call a psychic little person who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large.
I used to hate facial hair but then it grew on me.
What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? One is a crusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey but then I turned myself around.
What's the most terrifying word in nuclear physics?Oops!
I watched hockey before it was cool. They were basically swimming.
There's no hole in your shoe? Then how'd you get your foot in it?
A cowherd counted 48 cows on his property. But when he rounded them up, he had 50.
When the two rabbit ears got married, it was a nice ceremony. But the reception was amazing.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was too tired.
A chicken coup only has two doors. If it had four, it would be a chicken sedan.
Three fish are in a tank. One asks the others, How do you drive this thing?
Why don't crabs donate? Because they're shellfish.
What did Blackbird say when he turned eighty?Aye, matey.
How does your feline shop? By reading a catalogue.
It's hard to teach kleptomaniacs humor. They take things so literally.
Sunny-side up, scrambled, or an omelet? It doesn't matter. They're all eggcellent.
Don't worry if you miss a gym session. Everything will work out.
Ever tried to eat a clock? It's time-consuming.
Who can jump higher than a house? Pretty much anyone. (Houses can't jump.)
What do an apple and an orange have in common? Neither one can drive.
Why did the businessman invest in Smith & Wollensky? He wanted to stake his claim.
Five guys walk into a bar. You think one of them would've seen it.
What do you call a door when it's not a door? Ajar.
This sweet ride has four wheels and flies. It's a garbage truck.
How many bugs do you need to rent out an apartment? Tenants.
I want to go camping every year. That trip was so in tents.
Wait, you don't want to hear a joke about potassium?K.
How do you organize a space-themed hurrah? You planet.
Your ex. That's the punchline.
How do you feel when there's no coffee?  Depresso.
I broke my arm in two places. You know what the doctor told me?Stay out of those places!
What do you give a sick bird? Tweetment.
Where did the king keep his armies? Up his sleevies.
What are the biggest enemies of caterpillars? Dogerpillers.
What do you call an empty can of Cheese Whiz? Cheese Was.
What did Mario say when he broke up with Princess Peach? It's not you, it's a-me, Mario!
What's the award for being best dentist? A little plaque.
What did the finger say to the thumb? I'm in glove with you.
What do you call a magician dog? A labracadabrador.
What concert costs only 45 cents?50 Cent plus Nickelback.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
Who invented the round table? Sir Cumference.
What do you call the security guards outside of Samsung? The guardians of the galaxy.
There are three types of people in the world. Those of us who are good at math, and those of us who aren't.
What sound does a nut make when it sneezes? Cashew!
Why do ghosts love elevators? Because it lifts their spirits.
What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
Why was the snowman looking through a bag of carrots? He was picking his nose.
What do you call a belt made out of watches? A waist of time.
How can you make seven an even number? Just take away the s!
What did the lawyer wear to court? A lawsuit!
What do you call HIJKLMNO? H20!
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Just follow the fresh prints!
What is Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back four seconds.
What do you call a dog with no legs? You can call him whatever you want, he's still not coming.
I still remember the last thing my grandfather said before kicking the bucket: Hey, you want to see how far I can kick this bucket?
What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener.
Why did the man get fired from his job at the calendar factory? He took a couple days off!
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? Because he always gets a hole in one!
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he eventually woke up!
What kind of dinosaur loves to sleep? Well, now, all of them.
Why did the teacher love the whiteboard? She just thought it was remarkable!
A guy told me, Nothing rhymes with orange.So I replied, No it doesn't.
If you're American when you go in the bathroom and American when you come out, what are you in the bathroom? European!
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot.
What's the best part about living in Switzerland? I'm not sure, but the flag is a big plus!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Never mind, I shouldn't spread it.
What did the drummer call his two twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two.
I'm not a big fan of stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call a boomerang that never comes back? A stick.
What to hear a joke about paper? Never mind, it's tearable.
When is a joke a dad joke? When it's apparent!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
Ill call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, No, just leave it in the carton!
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, do you know how to drive this thing?
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.
People don’t like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to help check her balance. So I pushed her over.
I bought some shoes from a drug dealer. I don't know what he laced them with, but I've been tripping all day.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
I'm so good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
My boss told me to have a good day.. so I went home.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He neverlands.
A woman walks into a library and asked if they had any books about paranoia. The librarian says They're right behind you!
The other day, my wife asked me to pass her lipstick but I accidentally passed her a glue stick. She still isn't talking to me.
Why do blind people hate skydiving? It scares the hell out of their dogs.
When you look really closely, all mirrors look like eyeballs.
My friend says to me: What rhymes with orange I said: No it doesn't
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80 years old? Aye matey.
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo. So I had to put my foot down.
I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger. Then it hit me.
Why did the old man fall in the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
I ate a clock yesterday, it was very time consuming.
Whatdya call a frenchman wearing sandals? Phillipe Phillope.
A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a chair.
I know a lot of jokes about unemployed people but none of them work.
What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Did you hear about the italian chef that died? He pasta way.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up? Because it was two tired!
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet.
My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.
Where do you find a cow with no legs? Right where you left it.
When a deaf person sees someone yawn do they think it’s a scream?
As I suspected, someone has been adding soil to my garden. The plot thickens.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the physco path.
And the lord said unto John, Come forth and you will receive eternal life. John came fifth and won a toaster.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Don’t look! I’m about to change.
I just wrote a book on reverse psychology. Do *not* read it!
What did one hat say to the other? You stay here. I’ll go on ahead.
Why wouldn’t the shrimp share his treasure? Because he was a little shellfish.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right!
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don't eggs tell jokes? They'd crack each other up.
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
Why can't a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize.
I've got a great joke about construction, but I'm still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I've never looked back since.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
Why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the 'P' is silent.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
It's inappropriate to make a 'dad joke' if you're not a dad. It's a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We'll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it's tearable.
What's the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it's a little cheesy.
Don't trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
A photon is going through airport security. The security agent asks if he has any luggage. The photon says, "No, I'm traveling light."
